---
title: Copy Me
date: 2020-08-10
people: 
   - Wade Allen
---

This past Sunday, we had a few technical issues with the live stream. We are addressing the issues and will hopefully have them resolved this week. If you were unable to watch, you can catch up on the videos [here](https://fbcmuncie.org/video/2020/08/09/friend-of-the-cross/). The first video on the page is the sermon only which came across without the technical glitches. Our hope is to have a more solid stream this week.

As we continue through out study in Philippians, Paul makes a bold statement in this week's passage. He tells us to *imitate* him, or follow his example. This might seem a bit arrogant, but as we delve deeper, we understand that Paul truly has the best interest of church in mind. We will discuss Philippians 3:12-21 this Sunday. I hope you will take a few minutes to read it as you prepare for worship this week.

> (Philippians 3:12-21 NTE)  I'm not implying that I've already received 'resurrection', or that I've already become complete and mature! No; I'm hurrying on, eager to overtake it, because King Jesus has overtaken me.   My dear family, I don't reckon that I have yet overtaken it. But this is my one aim: to forget everything that's behind, and to strain every nerve to go after what's ahead.   I mean to chase on towards the finishing post, where the prize waiting for me is the upward call of God in King Jesus.  Those of us who are mature should think like this! If you think differently about it, God will reveal this to you as well.   Only let's be sure to keep in line with the position we have reached.  So, my dear family, I want you, all together, to watch what I do and copy me. You've got us as a pattern of behaviour; pay careful attention to people who follow it.  You see, there are several people who behave as enemies of the cross of the Messiah. I told you about them often enough, and now I'm weeping as I say it again.   They are on the road to destruction; their stomach is their god, and they find glory in their own shame. All they ever think about is what's on the earth.  We are citizens of heaven, you see, and we're eagerly waiting for the saviour, the Lord, King Jesus, who is going to come from there.   Our present body is a shabby old thing, but he's going to transform it so that it's just like his glorious body. And he's going to do this by the power which makes him able to bring everything into line under his authority. 



