---
title: VBS 2020
date: 2020-06-08
people: 
   - Britney Sue
---

Hi FBC families!
 
We are so excited to announce that **VBS WILL BE HAPPENING** this year! With one modification, though. Instead of you bringing your kids to VBS, we’re bringing VBS to your kids.
 
This summer, on **June 30th-July 2nd**, we’ll be using a quarantine-friendly VBS called BOLT. With minimal preparation, easy-to-follow instructions, and a video that leads you and your kids step-by-step through each of the 3 days, BOLT is designed for you to perform with your family at home. It’s so simple! 
 
During BOLT, your family will participate in fun games that illustrate what it means to listen to, focus on, and follow Jesus. Depending on your pace, you can expect that each day’s experience will last about an hour and a half. It’s great for kids 5 and up. Even middle and high school kids can enjoy it!
 
If you want to get a better idea of what BOLT is, you can watch the Day 2 sample video below. (But don’t let your kiddos see it just yet—we want to save the fun for later.)
 
There’s something else we’re really excited about—this could also be an amazing outreach opportunity. If you feel comfortable gathering with more people, you can invite as many neighbors, friends, and family to your house for BOLT as you would like. It’s such an easy and fun way to share the good news of Jesus with our community. 

Have your children be on the lookout for a VBS invitation to arrive in the mail this week! We are also sending an online registration for this event, so check your emails!
 
We’ll be sending you more information as we get closer to June 30th. In the meantime, get your family excited about BOLT. This is going to be SO MUCH FUN!
 
In Him,
 
Britney Sue

{{< youtube "2622ZaE0BX0" >}}
