---
title: Hannah
date: 2020-05-04
people: 
   - Wade Allen
---

I wanted to remind you that we will be gathering via live stream this Sunday to celebrate Mother's Day together. You can join us through the [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/fbcmuncieorg) or directly from the [church website](https://fbcmuncie.org/live/). The live stream will begin at 10:45 AM. 

Mother's Day, like Easter, will be a different sort of celebration this year for most families. My prayer is that we will be able to make the mothers in our lives feel appreciated even in light of the difficult circumstances this year. I hope you will take a few minutes to pray for the mothers who will not be able to see their children this year because of the pandemic. Also pray for the children who will not be able to hug their mothers.

I had originally planned on continuing our Sermon on the Mount series this week. But in light of all that is happening in our world, it seemed appropriate to stick with the topic of mothers. Therefore, we will be in 1 Samuel 1:1-20 this week. We will explore the story of Hannah. 

I will include this passage from the NIV translation. Please take a few minutes to read it as you prepare for worship on Sunday. See you via **YouTube Live** on **Sunday, May 10** at **10:45 AM**.


>(1 Samuel 1:1-20 NIV) There was a certain man from Ramathaim, a Zuphite from the hill country of Ephraim, whose name was Elkanah son of Jeroham, the son of Elihu, the son of Tohu, the son of Zuph, an Ephraimite. He had two wives; one was called Hannah and the other Peninnah. Peninnah had children, but Hannah had none. Year after year this man went up from his town to worship and sacrifice to the LORD Almighty at Shiloh, where Hophni and Phinehas, the two sons of Eli, were priests of the LORD. Whenever the day came for Elkanah to sacrifice, he would give portions of the meat to his wife Peninnah and to all her sons and daughters. But to Hannah he gave a double portion because he loved her, and the LORD had closed her womb. And because the LORD had closed her womb, her rival kept provoking her in order to irritate her. This went on year after year. Whenever Hannah went up to the house of the LORD, her rival provoked her till she wept and would not eat. Elkanah her husband would say to her, "Hannah, why are you weeping? Why don't you eat? Why are you downhearted? Don't I mean more to you than ten sons?" Once when they had finished eating and drinking in Shiloh, Hannah stood up. Now Eli the priest was sitting on a chair by the doorpost of the LORD's temple. In bitterness of soul Hannah wept much and prayed to the LORD. And she made a vow, saying, "O LORD Almighty, if you will only look upon your servant's misery and remember me, and not forget your servant but give her a son, then I will give him to the LORD for all the days of his life, and no razor will ever be used on his head." As she kept on praying to the LORD, Eli observed her mouth. Hannah was praying in her heart, and her lips were moving but her voice was not heard. Eli thought she was drunk and said to her, "How long will you keep on getting drunk? Get rid of your wine." "Not so, my lord," Hannah replied, "I am a woman who is deeply troubled. I have not been drinking wine or beer; I was pouring out my soul to the LORD. Do not take your servant for a wicked woman; I have been praying here out of my great anguish and grief." Eli answered, "Go in peace, and may the God of Israel grant you what you have asked of him." She said, "May your servant find favor in your eyes." Then she went her way and ate something, and her face was no longer downcast. Early the next morning they arose and worshiped before the LORD and then went back to their home at Ramah. Elkanah lay with Hannah his wife, and the LORD remembered her. So in the course of time Hannah conceived and gave birth to a son. She named him Samuel, saying, "Because I asked the LORD for him." 

