---
title: Holy Week
date: 2020-04-06
people: 
   - Wade Allen
---

I could not be more pleased with the way that we are functioning in this season of social distancing. Church leaders and volunteers have been working to make sure that are connected through phone calls, are able to worship virtually each week, and have the opportunity to pray together. This week, is a special week for Christians. We call this period of time from Palm Sunday to Resurrection Sunday *Holy Week*. The season of Lent comes to an end as we remember the Last Supper on Thursday and the Crucifixion on Friday.

## Holy Week Resource

Clif Davis has put together a resource for you and your family. You can [download it here](https://fbcmuncie.org/forms/Holy_Week_Ideas_2020.pdf). I hope you will take a few minutes to read through this document and consider some of the ideas he has presented.

## Facebook Live

Remember to join us on Facebook Live on Wednesday at 7 PM. This is a wonderful way to connect with others in prayer during this season. You can find the event on our [Facebook Page](https://www.facebook.com/firstbaptistmuncie).

## Live Service this Weekend

Resurrection Sunday is a special day for Christians all over the world. This is perhaps the first time in the history of our 160 year old congregation where we have been unable to worship together in person. We hear the word *unprecedented* used to describe this pandemic. Certainly, this word describes all that we are experiencing. The pews in our 90 year old building will be empty on Easter Sunday.

We will be recording videos in our beautiful building this week and stream them at **10:45 AM on Sunday, April 12**. You can go ahead and bookmark the YouTube Live page for this event.

Go to [https://bit.ly/fbc-easter-live](https://bit.ly/fbc-easter-live). You will also be able to access the live feed from the church website.

If you are subscribed to our [YouTube Channel](https://youtube.com/c/fbcmuncieorg), you should be able to access the event on your tablet or smart TV. You might go ahead and get this all setup on your devices ahead of time.

We are also going to be showing pictures of everyone dressed up for Easter. You can email or text in your pictures before the service begins to David Rodriguez. Again, we will need to have the pictures by 10:45 AM in order to use them. Please take pictures in landscape mode and send them to:

Text: 765-256-9390 or Email: drod7425@gmail.com 

We will be reading from Mark and Matthew account this week. If you would like to read ahead as you prepare for worship, you can take a look at Mark 16:1-8 below.

>(Mark 16:1-8 NIV) When the Sabbath was over, Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James, and Salome bought spices so that they might go to anoint Jesus' body. Very early on the first day of the week, just after sunrise, they were on their way to the tomb and they asked each other, "Who will roll the stone away from the entrance of the tomb?" But when they looked up, they saw that the stone, which was very large, had been rolled away. As they entered the tomb, they saw a young man dressed in a white robe sitting on the right side, and they were alarmed. "Don't be alarmed," he said. "You are looking for Jesus the Nazarene, who was crucified. He has risen! He is not here. See the place where they laid him. But go, tell his disciples and Peter, 'He is going ahead of you into Galilee. There you will see him, just as he told you.'" Trembling and bewildered, the women went out and fled from the tomb. They said nothing to anyone, because they were afraid. 


