---
title: Raising the Dead
date: 2021-02-01
people: 
   - Wade Allen
---

This week, we come to another familiar passage in John. Most of us have heard this story many times. Yet my hope is that God would provide fresh insight in light of our study in John. Let me encourage you to read this week's passage as you prepare for worship. 

Next week, our last Sunday at First Baptist, we will veer from our John study. We will venture back to a passage from the sabbatical summer (2017), Luke 10. Jesus sends out the 72 followers in this story. The implications for us and for you are profound. I hope you will plan on joining us on this special Sunday.

> (John 11:1-45 NTE)  There was a man in Bethany named Lazarus, and he became ill. Bethany was the village of Mary and her sister Martha.   (This was the Mary who anointed the Lord with myrrh, and wiped his feet with her hair; Lazarus, who was ill, was her brother.)  So the sisters sent messengers to Jesus. 'Master,' they said, 'the man you love is ill.'  When Jesus got the message, he said, 'This illness won't lead to death. It's all about the glory of God! The son of God will be glorified through it.'  Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.   So when he heard that he was ill, he stayed where he was, to begin with, for two days.  Then, after that, he said to the disciples, 'Let's go back to Judaea.'  'Teacher,' replied the disciples, 'the Judaeans were trying to stone you just now! Surely you don't want to go back there!'  'There are twelve hours in the day, aren't there?' replied Jesus. 'If you walk in the day, you won't trip up, because you'll see the light of this world.   But if anyone walks in the night, they will trip up, because there is no light in them.'  When he had said this, Jesus added: 'Our friend Lazarus has fallen asleep. But I'm going to wake him up.'  'Master,' replied the disciples, 'if he's asleep, he'll be all right.'  (They thought he was referring to ordinary sleep; but Jesus had in fact been speaking of his death.)  Then Jesus spoke to them plainly. 'Lazarus', he said, 'is dead.   Actually, I'm glad I wasn't there, for your sakes; it will help your faith. But let's go to him.'  Thomas, whose name was the Twin, addressed the other disciples. 'Let's go too,' he said. 'We may as well die with him.'  So when Jesus arrived, he found that Lazarus had already been in the tomb for four days.   Bethany was near Jerusalem, about two miles away.   Many of the Judaeans had come to Martha and Mary to console them about their brother.  When Martha heard that Jesus had arrived, she went to meet him. Mary, meanwhile, stayed sitting at home.  'Master!' said Martha to Jesus. 'If only you'd been here! Then my brother wouldn't have died!   But even now I know that God will give you whatever you ask him for.'  'Your brother will rise again,' replied Jesus.  'I know he'll rise again,' said Martha, 'in the resurrection on the last day.'  'I am the resurrection and the life,' replied Jesus. 'Anyone who believes in me will live, even if they die.   And anyone who lives and believes in me will never, ever die. Do you believe this?'  'Yes, Master,' she said. 'This is what I've come to believe: that you are the Messiah, the son of God, the one who was to come into the world.'  With these words, Martha went back and called her sister Mary. 'The teacher has come,' she said to her privately, 'and he's asking for you.'  When she heard that, she got up quickly and went to him.   Jesus hadn't yet got into the village. He was still in the place where Martha had met him.  The Judaeans who were in the house with Mary, consoling her, saw her get up quickly and go out. They guessed that she was going to the tomb to weep there, and they followed her.  When Mary came to where Jesus was, she saw him and fell down at his feet. 'Master!' she said. 'If only you'd been here, my brother wouldn't have died!'  When Jesus saw her crying, and the Judaeans who had come with her crying, he was deeply stirred in his spirit, and very troubled.  'Where have you laid him?' he asked. 'Master,' they said, 'come and see.'  Jesus burst into tears.  'Look,' said the Judaeans, 'see how much he loved him!'  'Well, yes,' some of them said, 'but he opened the eyes of a blind man, didn't he? Couldn't he have done something to stop this fellow from dying?'  Jesus was once again deeply troubled within himself. He came to the tomb. It was a cave, and a stone was placed in front of it.  'Take away the stone,' said Jesus. 'But, Master,' said Martha, the dead man's sister, 'there'll be a smell! It's the fourth day already!'  'Didn't I tell you', said Jesus, 'that if you believed you would see God's glory?'  So they took the stone away. Jesus lifted up his eyes. 'Thank you, father,' he said, 'for hearing me!   I know you always hear me, but I've said this because of the crowd standing around, so that they may believe that you sent me.'  With these words, he gave a loud shout: 'Lazarus – come out!'  And the dead man came out. He was tied up, hand and foot, with strips of linen, and his face was wrapped in a cloth. 'Untie him,' said Jesus, 'and let him go.'  The result of all this was that several of the Judaeans who had come to Mary, and who had seen what he had done, believed in him.  


