---
title: Final Entry
date: 2021-02-08
people: 
   - Wade Allen
---

This will be my final blog entry as your pastor. On Sunday, we will explore God's Word together in Luke 10. As you might remember, this is the same passage we studied in the summer of 2017, while our family was on sabbatical. It seemed appropriate to visit it once more on my final Sunday with you.

Let me encourage you to take a few minutes to read this passage as you prepare for worship.

> (Luke 10:1-20 NTE)  After this the master commissioned seventy others, and sent them ahead of him in pairs to every town and place where he was intending to come.  'There's a great harvest out there,' he said to them, 'but there aren't many workers. So plead with the harvest-master to send out workers for the harvest.  'Off you go now. Remember, I'm sending you out like lambs among wolves.   Take no money-bag, no pack, no sandals – and don't stop to pass the time with anyone on the road.   Whenever you go into a house, first say, "Peace on this house."   If a child of peace lives there, your peace will rest on them; but if not, it will return to you.  'Stay in the same house, and eat and drink what they provide. The worker deserves to be paid, you see. Don't go from house to house.   If you go into a town and they welcome you, eat what is provided,   heal the sick who are there, and say to them, "God's kingdom has come close to you."   But if you go into a town and they don't welcome you, go out into the streets of the town and say,   "Here is the very dust of your town clinging to our feet – and we're wiping it off in front of your eyes!   But you should know this: God's kingdom has come close to you!" Let me tell you, on that day it will be more tolerable for Sodom than for that town.  'Woe betide you, Chorazin! Woe betide you, Bethsaida! If the powerful deeds done in you had been done in Tyre and Sidon, they would have repented long ago, sitting in sackcloth and ashes.   But it will be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon in the judgment than for you.   And you, Capernaum – you want to be lifted up to heaven, do you? No: you'll be sent down to Hades!  'Anyone who hears you, hears me; anyone who rejects you, rejects me; and anyone who rejects me, rejects the one who sent me.'  The seventy came back exhilarated. 'Master,' they said, 'even the demons obey us in your name!'  'I saw the satan fall like lightning from heaven,' he replied.   'Look: I've given you authority to tread on snakes and scorpions, and over every power of the enemy. Nothing will ever be able to harm you.   But – don't celebrate having spirits under your authority. Celebrate this, that your names are written in heaven.' 
